there is an alien invasion happening
there among us any one of these people
could be an alien check her out it's
like she's studying some new discovery
some bizarre human circle fruit should I
put it in my flavor snout this piece of
shit over here hainan hasn't learned how
to eat properly yet it so primitive so
dangerous mother fucker it has the kid
that's all over Chelsea's Facebook page
magnums there's no way your dick suck
dick hey hey some people's dicks are
that big he's right there a big seller
other people have big dicks buildings
where the guy I'm gonna rip his dick off
you need two hands Bobby
alright wash now it gets real we're not
gonna let glenview become ground zero
for an alien invasion we can't trust
anyone why are you doing in my yard
where the neighborhood watch you're just
wondering if you heard anything strange
why don't you just shut your cock sucker
their dickweed nice to meet you fuck you
curly why do you want us off his
property there's something we got to
figure out I do we dress Franklin up as
a girl he goes to the door I'm not gonna
go past second with this old guy but if
I have to I will I will use both hands I
won't use a mouth he may use his hands
and may not use his well I think you
gotta make it all go down before you get
here I wish you were skate scenario
you're getting fucked in the ass either
way we're gonna find out who this only
way we're gonna get involved in this
guy's life I tell you something that
could work fuck does I come yeah I did
anyone who touch the tummy doesn't feel
like um yeah that's come oh it's green
it's not come but i'm saying is to come
it feels like opted texture the flavor
the consistency it's very calm like hey
guys stop talking about come for a
second i found something
nobody touches this ball till we figure
out what it is
oh Jesus Calla but this thing's fucking
awesome
ah